So we'll listen together to our first subheading.
Spiritual Restoration, why it matters.
Let's have the reading of paragraph 9.
Consider that the historical perspective.
Christians back in the first century enjoy
an insured to black people.
Jesus and the apostles foretold that true worship
would be corrupted and lost.
So kids, what did you learn at meeting tonight?
No sleeping at the meeting, and no playing at the meeting.
Good.
Why should we pay attention at the meetings?
Imagine if Noah didn't pay attention
when Jehovah explained how to build the ark.
You're right.
He paid attention, and it saved his life.
Pay attention at the meetings can help save your life.
At Genesis 6.22, we read, and Noah
did according to all that God had commanded him.
He did just so.